.TH "Kynetx" 3 "Fri Jan 7 2011" "Doxygen" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
Kynetx \- 
.PP
An object that handles raising events to kynetx and parsing returned directives.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#import <kynetx.h>\fP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "(id) - \fBinit\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIBasic init method. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "(id) - \fBinitWithAppID:eventDomain:delegate:\fP"
.br
.RI "\fImethod to initialize with an App ID. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "(void) - \fBsignal:params:\fP"
.br
.RI "\fImethod to raise event to kynetx servers \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "(NSArray *) - \fBparseDirectives:\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIparse directives returned by KNS for a raised event \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "(NSURL *) - \fBURLFromDict:withBaseURL:\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIbuild a NSURL* from a NSDictionary and a NSString \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "(void) - \fBdealloc\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIreleases object alloced memory \fP"
.in -1c
.SS "Properties"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "NSString * \fBeventDomain\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe event domain for the raised events. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "NSString * \fBappID\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe appid to raise the specified events too. \fP"
.ti -1c
.RI "id< \fBKynetxDelegate\fP > \fBdelegate\fP"
.br
.RI "\fIThe object to act as \fBKynetx\fP delegate. \fP"
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
An object that handles raising events to kynetx and parsing returned directives. 

\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Alex Olson 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "- (void) dealloc "
.PP
releases object alloced memory \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
void 
.RE
.PP

.SS "- (id) init "
.PP
Basic init method. \fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
self 
.RE
.PP

.SS "- (id) initWithAppID: (id) input(id) domain(id) del"
.PP
method to initialize with an App ID. This is the preferred initialization method. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIinput\fP the appid to initialize the object with. 
.br
\fIeventDomain\fP the domain for raised events 
.br
\fIdelegate\fP an object to act as \fBKynetx\fP delegate 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
self 
.RE
.PP

.SS "- (NSArray *) parseDirectives: (NSData*) response"
.PP
parse directives returned by KNS for a raised event \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIresponse\fP NSData* object returned by a GET request 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
NSArray* of NSDictionary* directives 
.RE
.PP

.SS "- (void) signal: (NSString*) name(NSDictionary*) params"
.PP
method to raise event to kynetx servers This method raises events to the kynetx servers. See the \fCkynetx documentation\fP for more information regarding events. 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIname\fP name of the event to raise 
.br
\fIparams\fP a dictionary of key-value pairs to send to kynetx ruleset 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
void 
.RE
.PP

.SS "- (NSURL *) URLFromDict: (NSDictionary*) params(NSString*) URLString"
.PP
build a NSURL* from a NSDictionary and a NSString \fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIparams\fP url paramaters to add to url string 
.br
\fIURLString\fP URL string to add params to 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
NSURL* 
.RE
.PP

.SH "Property Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "- (NSString*) appID\fC [read, write, retain]\fP"
.PP
The appid to raise the specified events too. This is the ruleset that will recieve the events raised. 
.SS "- (NSString*) eventDomain\fC [read, write, retain]\fP"
.PP
The event domain for the raised events. This is built-in and cannot be changed 

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen from the source code.
